Add GraphQLTestClient for aiohttp (#1604)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: minor

> This release introduce the `GraphQLTestClient` also for `aiohttp` integration (was already availabe for `asgi` and `Django`). It hides the http request's details and asserts that there are no errors in the response (you can always disable this behavior by passing `asserts_errors=False`). This makes it easier to test queries and makes your tests cleaner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds an implementation of the `GraphQLTestClient` for the `aiohttp` integration (in addition to the existing `asgi` and `Django` support). It hides the HTTP request's details and verifies that there are no errors in the response (this behavior can be disabled by passing `asserts_errors=False`). This makes it easier to test queries and makes your tests cleaner.
```

Would also suggest wrapping this a bit

If you are using `pytest` you can add a fixture in `conftest.py`

```python
import pytest

from strawberry.aiohttp.test.client import GraphQLTestClient

@pytest.fixture
def graphql_client(aiohttp_client, myapp):
    yield GraphQLTestClient(aiohttp_client(myapp))
```

> And use it everywere in your test methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And use it everywhere in your tests
```
